Deprecated feature - Message tracing (#4566)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/learn/api-gateway/message-tracing.md

# Message Tracing

!!! Info "Deprecated feature"

>     Note that this feature is deprecated is WSO2 API Manager 3.2.0. The support for this feature will be removed from subsequent versions of WSO2 API Manager 4.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that this feature is deprecated in WSO2 API Manager 3.2.0. The support for this feature will be removed from subsequent versions starting from WSO2 API Manager 4.0.0
```
